So here is a short lecture
on the IAM credentials report.
So this report gives you the IAM users
and the status of their password, their access keys,
and their MFA device.
It's just a CSV document that you can download
using the IAM Console, the API, the CLI, or the SDK,
and it's going to help you in auditing and compliance.
It's going to be generated as often
as once every four hours, and you need to do an API call
to actually retrieve the content of that file.
So this is something you should know about,
but there is a better way to do things
if you want to manage aged access keys.
So let's say, for example, that you want to detect
whenever an access key is going to be old.
What you can do is that you can set up AWS Config,
with the access-key-rotated rule, to be triggered for keys
that are over 90 days old.
And then from this, you can trigger an SSM automation
to actually rotate these access keys, for example,
and then send a notification to Jira, Slack or API endpoints
or notifications into an SNS topic
for a master security account that you have.
So the exam may ask you, "Do you prefer Config
or do you prefer the IAM credentials report to automate,
you know, rotating and alerting on old keys?"
Well, the answer is absolutely use Config,
but still you should know about the IAM credentials report.
All right, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.